This is a head-gum original.
I didn't mean to insult the audience.
I mean, this whole room is shit.
That's crazy.
I don't like the way they feel.
Which one would you like?
I don't know.
What do you have in New York?
Beats by Dre.
Sorry.
I'm not going to stand for the studio G's slander.
Did we start?
There's no way, because we didn't hear it.
It's like a preamble.
Maybe we're starting something new
or there's like a cold open.
I see.
It's cold.
Very cold.
We didn't hear the.
I just turned on the against me.
Yeah.
This is our first time on the show together.
And you're starting out saying that the headphones feel cheap on your head.
You can't.
No, you heard me.
We're not sitting at the reference that I've been begging for people to let me record
in studio G.
Okay.
Here we are.
And the first words out of mirrors mouth is that the headphones are bad.
I didn't say that.
You didn't disagree.
I mean, they are incredibly cheap.
And this whole place is suddenly designed.
This is crazy.
But you co-signed.
You guarantee.
Jake's quote.
I do have some qualms with the studio G.
You want to get in here for such a long time.
I mean, you're instantly upset.
My main thing is I feel like the walls could have been a salmon.
Or a coal.
I don't know.
Maybe like an off-brown.
Off-brown?
Let's get the main thing.
I mean, look at the background behind a mirror.
It's sort of halfway.
I don't want to get ahead of myself between a salmon or a cola.
Are you?
And his part of the frame looks very cherry.
Are you fucking kidding me?
That's just one simple question you can answer.
Oh.
That was a cold open.
Nice.
With the button that are you fucking kidding me?
It took us way.
Five minutes to stop recording.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Okay.
I don't like what headphones do you guys use in yours?
I don't know, but they're not this.
Where's my camera?
It's there.
You're on the single.
No headphones.
We're going to hear you out.
You look like you're not.
I mean, you're a fangirl.
Do you think you're going to use a fan?
It wasn't the York, it really is wait to them.
I'm going to hold them and you slap them in the nose.
Oh, yeah.
That's the perfect time for the first ever on your brothers.
That was the perfect time 30 seconds into the episode.
Yeah, because she said she was like where is my camera.
She said, where's my camera?
She said, look at the camera.
Look into this camera.
Okay.
Here's what I have to say.
Every, here's what I've learned over my first two years here at head gum.
You cannot design, this is too loud.
You cannot design a studio by committee.
Everybody has their fucking little opinions.
There's not one thing that I brought into either one of these studios
that hasn't been remarked upon by either co-worker
or one of our beautiful and talented hosts.
I just got a text out of nowhere.
He's adjusting the cameras, sort of done this earlier.
I just got a text out of nowhere that apparently
my friend Nick Wyger of the Do Bois
would just want to rant in the other studio
about the new timers I bought that I thought
were really cute and easy to use.
Here's what I have to say.
If you can't come up with stuff to talk about
on your podcast, that isn't something
that's directly in front of you like you're playing
fucking I spy.
You should not be in this business.
I should be in the studio to work.
You shouldn't mean either studio,
most of the time.
But you do use the parking lot outside
as your personal car garage,
even though I've told you many times that we...
I'm not a car board.
Yeah.
Are they over night?
Over night?
Is it over night?
Okay, you come pick it up in the morning.
All the next day.
Yeah.
That was hung over.
That's not my problem.
It's not my car.
If I'm over, I can't claim that
because I can't drive that
because you can still have, by the way,
alcohol in your blood,
the day after if you drink enough.
You should drink a drink.
You have a hand drink.
I have a concuss.
So this is turned out from an unused
druthers to like, let's all just come,
Jeff's room.
All this to say,
if you have a problem with something
in the studio, you can talk to me about it off air.
I can't even know what,
I'm gonna go to the heckpill before.
I'm even at the room.
I feel like I've...
I need this whole entire room.
I'm just gonna try nothing.
I'm just not getting any more money.
I'm just gonna...
I'm gonna shake on some people.
I look like a headphone.
I look like a studio gig.
You're ain't different stories.
I'm sorry, but I am by the way.
Yeah, you know, that one's really big.
Not nicer.
These are nicer.
Really?
I love studio G.
I like it better than studio A.
I want to hear that either.
What do you mean there are both nice?
You really don't know.
Yeah, she did.
At the beginning?
When Jeff had a problem with the pain,
was the day we were painting?
That's when he came to me with suggestions for other paincuffs.
It would have to be sparkle on your skin.
I have a Sampler.
I have the card.
It has a free job here.
This is a free.
This is a free job.
This is a cold one.
This is actually bad because we haven't finished designing it yet.
But it will be nice.
Let's see.
I love this studio.
I love every part of the studio.
I just wish it was a child dream.
I just wish it was a free part of the studio.
Why do you want to be?
When will we stop playing this music?
It's driving me insane.
Why do you want to have fun?
Why do you want the headphones to be heavy on your head?
It's good that they're like.
Because heavy is the head that wears the crown.
I don't like how wide the studio jeff.
Should we can we start over?
This is.
This is not how I thought.
I don't need to.
We've only ever gotten along.
I've been enjoying the day because we're in studio.
Cheers.
You're a food poise.
Love it.
You are.
Jardia.
You're a Nora man.
Yeah.
I was going to say because I was trying to get Mike in here as well.
Here in the ear.
And then your wig.
Studio H is what it is.
We had the we had the space to work with that.
We had we maximized it.
Right.
We.
The colors weren't quite there there.
The content followed suit.
And now we pray.
Studio G in which what we have Jake Johnson recording.
Right.
We're here to help podcast.
Yeah, of course in studio H as well.
Yeah.
Right.
I think it's more about the amount of people that it is.
The, you know, caliber of guests.
We don't think one is better than the other.
That's just.
It's the quantity of guests.
It's the quantity between studio H and G.
Similar to me.
Yeah.
Here's what I'll say.
I feel like I have some ground rules for this episode.
Okay.
And I feel like if I had started with those.
We wouldn't have gotten into this negative feedback.
We hope this oroboros of poison.
And that we've entered into this episode.
We different from all the others.
If we say these ground rules.
Go ahead.
Number one is overlapping dialogue.
We did that a lot.
Right.
Obviously we've adhered to that.
Yeah.
These are the same ground rules from the previous.
No.
Okay.
This is actually bending our relationships.
So keep going.
Yeah.
Number two is let's not delve too much into the past.
Right.
For example, the studios already been built.
There's nothing we can do.
Like, well, that's a great example as well.
Let's delve too much into the,
I don't know how you've been talking about the colors of the studios for.
Well, with the colors and doors.
The colors are in the present because they're right here.
Yeah.
They're not saying.
But I mean, it's been asked.
You might need to roll out salmon.
How's he been doing?
He's rolling.
Yeah, for sure.
I, uh, that's so annoying.
I agree that we should not dwell on the studios of your,
the studios of now.
Yeah.
I also think, you know, you guys have, like, the
What's the ground rule three?
This is ground rule two.
I know.
We haven't gotten quite through ground rule two.
We have the Jake and Amir watch Jake and Amir.
I know that that's great.
But that's your guys' patreon.
Right.
This is the headgun bug.
So let's not dwell on the past.
We're not.
Let's not move.
I paid him to mention instead of dwelling so much.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let's create new stuff.
By the way, I got that.
You didn't need to hammer it home to that.
It's past home.
Not just home.
Yeah.
Back to the dugout, basically.
Sure.
Number three is if possible.
This, I thought we were in studio H, right?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
If possible, let's move into studio G.
So we're already, we are here.
We're already nailing ground rule number three,
which is to record in studio G.
Uh-huh.
If, if, and this one, we didn't do great on.
Number four was if on your has gripes with me,
sprinkle them in throughout the episode.
No, I'm not just burying me all at once.
Okay.
That's hard.
Yeah.
I mean, I actually, I think it's,
I, what we did is arguably better.
I have a suggestion.
I don't know what I said and kind of sprinkled in throughout the episode.
That's good.
Maybe we could even make them soundboard buttons.
Five is jig.
Let's not, let's not talk about the kid.
Right?
My daughter.
You have a kid.
You didn't invent them.
Yeah.
I, I also, I had, I didn't bring her up.
I know, but you might later on.
Yeah.
I'm so tired.
You clearly don't.
Chema cracked up when she was in my lap.
Did she?
I thought she was either laughing or crying.
I think she wrote when it comes to her.
Try to remember.
Yeah.
She might have smiled.
She had a little bit of joy.
My point today.
That's where we go, right?
You brought her up.
I'm saying from now on, head to your fourth.
Five.
Probably rules.
Really mean rule.
Fine.
I won't do it.
The last rule is to enjoy the ride.
Okay.
Can we all just agree to try to have a good time?
We can try.
Yeah.
I appreciate that.
I didn't.
You, I would say you killed the mood, but it also started bad.
Jake in a minute, two guys that are fine.
In 2010, Jake dated.
And all these code-sittered.
Their success is less than earned.
Now, here's a one-off podcast.
Show the code.
It's a segment.
It's really hard.
Great things.
All the heck of podcasts.
It's just better than segment.
It's the best double head comes show.
Now then, meet you perfect brown host.
Good name.
Oh my god.
I have COVID.
You made this art for you.
I did.
Really?
Pretty good.
It looks great.
Yeah.
The one on a left leg school.
So, Ferris made a theme song for you?
Ferris has COVID.
And he made that.
I texted him.
And he said, hey, first episode ever tomorrow of
Dregments.
Yeah.
Dregments is the new segment on the
Hebgum podcast called Dregments, which is basically the point of this, the crux of the short.
Yeah.
Is to prove once and for all that it's hard to
Shit to come up with new segments every week.
Okay.
People give me a lot of guff.
They're like, you got to put more effort into this shit.
This is me putting more effort into it.
Yeah.
That's great.
You guys have a show where you have to come up with new segments every week.
It's hard.
Yeah.
It is hard.
Okay.
You can come up with shitty ones.
I thought it was going to take the whole episode to get you to admit that.
Oh, really?
We don't have to do the rest of it.
What about this?
Is there anything beyond that art?
Yeah.
Is there a segment?
Do you have segments?
They're like Dregments.
This is like bottom of the barrel.
Dregments.
So, what's an example of a Dregment?
I'm so glad you're out.
Dregments.
Welcome to Who's 101.
Who is 100?
This is based celebrities that are 101.
Is this based on when we did?
Who's 58 or who's 55?
Exactly.
It's different ages.
Okay.
Who's 101?
I don't know anybody that's 100.
It's William Shattner up there, isn't it?
No way.
They're over 100.
There's no celebrity that's over 100.
I think Shattner's maybe pushing 80.
Betty White died at like 99.
Who's the guy that created all the sitcoms?
Chuck Lori.
No.
Older.
And he recently passed.
What about celebrities that?
Carl Reiner.
Weathers.
No.
He did pass.
All right.
I think Carl Reiner.
I think he was 101.
What is a Rupert Murdock?
How old is he?
Should we get a number of crunch on that?
Yeah.
101 is so beyond the pit.
Like 95 is almost too old.
Rupert Murdock is 92.
That's where he's still nine years shy of Murdock.
Sure.
These are people who are born in 1920.
These are people who are born with a gift.
And the gift was to age old.
I guess this game is just named the oldest celebrity we could think of.
Yeah.
Does anybody have anybody?
I don't know.
How old is Mel Brooks?
Yeah.
That's part of the game.
You look it up.
90.
Is that possible?
It's possible.
97.
Oh.
Is that true?
Yeah.
Wow.
He's still valuable.
That's incredible.
But it takes to this, right?
It's cash.
Mm.
Norman Lear.
You googled it.
No.
I asked someone.
No, you didn't.
I swear to God.
Who did you ask?
Google.
Uh.
On his disqualified for googling.
You're not allowed to be on your phone.
Obviously you did.
Well that puts an is enormous.
I think Norman Lear recently passed.
So that's another reason.
And he was literally 101.
He was 101.
But he's tall.
Yeah.
They're no work in three days.
I don't know where I can throw that.
He doesn't exist any more.
He died in deceit.
He's to the cyst.
I know he has deceit.
He's cease to de-sists.
That's good.
Come on.
Let's get to a moment.
Oh, Jimmy Carter.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
He's still alive.
He's still in hospice.
He just celebrated one year in hospice.
Wow.
Could be 99.
New celebrate that?
Jimmy Carter is 99.
Oh, yeah.
You have to go until you guys get it.
We almost nailed it.
Is there someone that you haven't mind?
Oh, yeah.
I know.
You know one celebrity.
Celebrities.
Kind of producing in this capacity.
I'm sort of the KC of these brothers.
I mean, older than Jimmy Carter is really tough.
Yeah.
We need someone who was like 80 in 90.
Can I narrow 101?
No.
Like the kind of person.
Like his actor, comedian, celebrity politician, architect,
stage actress, and widow.
Oh, famous widow.
Whose famous for having a dead husband?
Well, it's a woman architect.
There's three.
I have three that I was probably going to say.
Is Nancy Reagan alive?
Do you hear yourself when you're gusting?
No, she's dead.
She's dead, right?
Yes.
She's dead.
She's dead, right?
In Jesus Christ?
Man.
She's dead, right?
That's Charles.
Yeah.
I mean, Carter is the leader in the clubhouse.
So you guys have to get closer if you want.
Yeah, that's really tough.
At any point you guys can call.
Are you tech widо and what?
Stay, jackar.
Those are three different people.
One of them is a famous widow.
It's like that they maybe did also music theater, right?
Yeah, because Barbara Bush.
Um, oh, that's not bad.
Thank you.
I love that you're in the political sphere, which is very interesting.
I'm trying to get more of that.
She's gone, right?
Right.
But it was 92.
In 92.
Um, is George H.W. alive?
No, he's dead.
Um, okay.
You guys can call Drunkl any time.
Who's Drunkl?
Yeah, I don't mean like phone affeen.
I mean like,
I mean like you can call Uncle and be like, I can't take the same thing.
Uncle.
Yeah.
I'm cooler.
Drunkl means I give up.
Drunkl.
I give up.
I get up.
Frank.
Frank Erie.
We were looking for
Aslovian architect,
Famous for designing the sand-if-your-town hall
and the Norwegian Maritime Museum,
and trond Elias, I thought he was going to get that even with a hint.
He really won a one.
You thought it seems younger.
He was about to be a hundred and two.
He's his birthday is in March.
Yeah.
He's going to say he's a Pisces for sure.
Do you think he's going to be on the today's show smoker segment?
I don't think he can make it out of bed anymore.
Who's the famous widow?
Rachel Robinson, Jackie Robinson's wife, former wife.
He is gone.
Also would have taken Janus Page.
Stage actress in a way.
And Norman Lear, Norman Lear was the one that I thought somebody might actually guess.
I did guess it.
You googled it.
I did not.
I texted Nick.
Really?
Yeah.
He's been to his house a lot.
Wait, how old is Nick?
Wow.
He's older.
He's not one.
No one.
To 35.
He looks great.
I almost nailed Nick.
What did he mean?
His age.
That's it.
Good thing he doesn't listen to the show.
It's this portion of the show that I had opened for Huta.
Fucking give your brothers.
I already did it.
So I don't know what else because we have 12 minutes before the next one.
So we shouldn't have assigned that to Ferris.
Yeah.
I was going to say that wasn't for Huta.
So there was only one fragment.
It's fragments, plural.
No, there's a lot.
I just the next one is timed, right?
What do you mean?
I had 12 minutes to talk about how you shouldn't park your car.
I thought who's 101 was going to take like 15.
How long did it take?
I felt like it took 30 minutes.
Sure, yeah.
I thought it was going to be less.
We'd time it out perfect.
It's okay to wax.
It's okay to have fun.
We're in the studio at the same time.
Fine.
Honestly, Jake being here is more of like an exciting moment
in a moment.
It's a occasion in a different studio.
Like Jake has a done this show in six months.
And I would agree with you because he hasn't done the show on a bit.
Since you're, we've never done the show here.
He's been on the show before.
We've never done it in studio.
But this doesn't really matter.
It doesn't affect the show.
What is this?
You could've done this.
Blood sweat and sweat equity.
Blood equity.
Now you put into this shit.
And call a pain.
I don't, I just sort of want to do this matter with paints on the wall.
She worked her fucking asshole for this shit.
Don't let him case you.
I don't think it's funny to do it as a bit.
I thought you can't make fun of her or give her praise.
He's not giving me praise.
He's not.
I do mean this.
It was fake and faint.
It was not faint.
It was praise.
Whether it was being sarcastic or not.
It's a dealer.
The praise, but it was real.
I think the studio is amazing.
I have a note, which is cola.
But that doesn't mean the studio is not a break.
I've been begging them to let me.
We get enough feedback.
I think in the YouTube comments that you, you're, it's covered.
What are they?
About you think.
Just in general.
People are trying to say like, oh, you guys should have edited this a little bit.
I'm an editor.
I know if you'd like to hear it from someone who's,
I've been in the industry for a long time.
Sweet.
If you have anything to say about the editing or the style of the studio.
Sound off in the comments.
I want to hear it.
Well, it's hard because I'm going to edit this, right?
So it's like, I don't really know if I want to.
If you have anything to say about Jeff, sound off in the comments.
I don't know about that.
Because I feel like they already sound off.
And that's without permission.
Yeah.
It is pretty much speech.
They can express themselves.
I don't know if it's good for the comment because it's like,
engage my and gets like the video up in the algorithms.
And I appreciate that.
I just wish that the reason why it's going up in the algorithm is.
It's still cut as well.
I think people should just say what they want.
And if it turns out that it's negative,
then you should take that as.
But I'm not even open kind of a sign that you criticism.
Yeah.
That makes it clearly.
It seems to give you a very thin skin.
Yeah.
No, it's like that, you know,
obviously the layers there.
But I was going to say here.
It's sort of a mirror.
Yeah.
It's it's it's it's I'm I'm bolting.
I'm sort of translucent.
Yeah.
I'm shedding my previous.
Skin, which was thin for another one.
Yeah.
That's more of a neary.
Like a snake.
Like a reptile.
You're a reptilian, man.
I fear veneer.
Yeah.
It's I'm in mesh with the idea of having a.
Does that make sense?
It does.
He had the mesh.
He had the skin.
That was mesh.
It was in meshed.
It was a graveyard.
His name was mesh.
Um, so.
All right.
Well, we're done.
I, there's a similar.
We're not done.
Yeah.
It's a fucking gun.
I saw him flashing a gap.
Jake tried to tell me.
I knew the gun.
Yeah.
I suggested.
I heard what I was hoarding now.
Like the zoom started.
Right.
I asked if you had a gun.
And then you said, no, you said, we should get you one.
Yeah.
Well, when you said, you didn't have one.
I said, we should get you a gun.
Right.
Nice.
Yeah.
So I didn't come out of nowhere.
I said, do you have a gun?
I said, no.
Yeah.
Then I said, we should get you a clock or at least a nice musket.
You guys play a game on your show called Mystery Guest.
Right.
Is that fair to say?
Yeah.
I'm buying time.
You said a lot of unfair things.
But that back was definitely not.
This is the segment I like to call shivering guest, George Saba.
She can't just guess at a nowhere.
And that's not correct.
That's not correct.
Um, Riley and spa.
Shut up.
Right.
Did you think that rhymed?
Is it mild?
Mystery with my husband here.
My husband's here.
Why do you keep on playing the intro?
Because I'm trying to have another fucking edit point where I can get rid of your
guys nonsense, right?
Here we go.
This is a segment I like to call shivering guest.
My husband's in your way.
Just let me introduce the segment first, right?
Okay.
Yeah.
This is just like mystery guest.
Only in this version, our mystery guest is currently standing outside
in a below freezing climate without a jacket.
It's like outside the studio in a cold climate.
Right.
Like right outside the studio.
Well, it's not a cold climate.
Here's not blood freezing.
Shivering guest, can you text in the chat to let us know that you're here
and that you are outside?
Why can you hear them breathing?
Yeah.
Also mute yourself, everyone else.
Obviously.
Your teeth chattering is very distracting.
Shivering guest.
I need you to be colder, shivering guest.
Shivering guest, you can also text me.
You're too cold.
Did you freeze to death, shivering guest?
Yes, but the sweater on until you go live, shivering guest.
We need to get them one of those.
I am outside.
Okay, great.
Chatted.
I am outside.
All right.
So you guys all get 20 guesses collectively.
Okay.
20 guesses total.
Let's guess where they are first.
Right.
I'm most curious if it's here in New York.
I don't think it has to be New York.
Well, we can ask that.
Yeah.
Should we ask questions?
Are you standing outside in New York?
Shivering guest.
Are you in New York City?
40 minutes later.
I'm like.
Great question.
Yes.
Okay.
So truly a freezing climate.
So who would Jeff Ashton?
Johnny.
Johnny's my first guess also.
Do you want to jump straight to guessing names?
By the way, you've already guessed.
Is it George Saba?
Is it Riley Foss?
Riley Foss?
You made an edit cup.
You reintroduced that.
Did you?
So why are we going to be down to guesses for that?
Well, we can't edit this out.
Like a guest.
Johnny Villa.
All right.
Shivering guest.
Are you Johnny Villa?
Not Johnny Villa.
Okay.
So it's someone in New York.
It was a full sentence.
That it says.
I'm not Johnny Villa.
Feels comfortable asking to stand outside.
I think you I wouldn't put it past you to ask Marita.
But I don't think she'd do it.
She should we ask if this person that I've ever done this podcast before?
Oh, that's not going to help.
Sorry.
Yes, it will.
Ask.
Help a lot.
Shivering guest.
Have you been on this podcast before?
The audio is here.
So I have to repeat everything.
Yes.
Okay.
All right.
Hang on.
Wait.
Should we ask?
Not to be binary.
But should we ask if it is a male or a female?
We are at the very least.
Yeah.
Do you identify it?
Does the shivering guest or no?
The shivering guest?
I identify female.
As a woman.
Yeah.
Yes.
Okay.
A freezing cold woman in New York.
Shivering guest.
Do you work?
Yeah.
Do you work at head gum?
Do you work for headgum?
Shivering guest.
Do you work at headgum?
I think that's it.
Yeah.
We've been on the show.
It could be like a podcast.
Yes.
All right.
We've got.
Okay.
So I mean, we're definitely going to get it.
Right.
Sage or.
It could be Sage.
Sage has been on the show before.
Yeah.
Poor Sage.
If it's Sage.
Yeah.
If it's Sage or enthroned.
No.
Hey.
Shivering guest.
Leave the zoom.
It was Emma.
I guess we got to guess Emma.
Emma.
I think.
Well.
Yeah.
Who do you want to guess?
How about is it Emma or Marieco?
We'll get it.
Okay.
The question is shivering guest.
Is your name Emma or Marieco?
But you only answer yes or no.
Wow.
What a nailed it.
Yes.
So now we can narrow it down.
It's got to be either Emma or Marieco.
So yeah.
We know that you knew that we know that.
I don't know.
I guess that question.
Okay.
How do we narrow it down?
Because I just don't.
It's going to be boring to say is it Emma.
Marieco.
So Emma is more of like, she would play Kate Jeff and stand outside.
We wouldn't want to play Kate Jeff but does not mind suffering.
I would say.
What?
Why don't we take a vote?
Sure we guess.
This does not count as a guest.
Are you hearing like the guests?
Or can you only hear me?
I am hearing the girl.
Okay.
Do we want to know?
So did you heard Jake say that you're fine with suffering?
No.
Marieco.
I don't know.
Just whoever it is.
No.
He said.
Tell me.
You said you were fine with suffering.
You said that the person is fine with suffering.
It's Marieco.
Shivering guests.
Oh.
Turn on your camera.
Yeah.
You caught that.
That's on me.
I've never played Mr. Just before.
Are you cold?
Well, Jeff didn't tell me to not wear a coat.
So I am wearing my coat.
That's a shit.
I just want to never have that.
Just guess.
But are you shivering?
A little bit.
But maybe out of anxiety for being a suit.
It is nerve wracking.
That's all right.
I'm very good.
Very good.
Good guess.
Thank you Marieco.
Good job.
Any parting with play?
Any plugs?
Um.
No.
Follow me.
Do you want to know about it?
I'm going.
Oh my god.
Thank you.
Dave.
Marieco, do you want to know how the episode is going?
Sorry.
I can't hear you.
I'm just as do you want to know how the episode is going?
I do.
Not well.
She says not well.
Yeah.
Did you like the art?
No.
The art looks really good.
I think the episodes are hit.
The song was awesome.
The segments are awesome.
Yeah.
All right.
Thank you Marieco.
I'm Marieco.
Bye.
She can't see us.
Right.
That makes sense.
Maybe when she watches this later.
Um, we've come to the final drag man.
You're right.
The Ferrisis COVID.
Ferris does have COVID.
Yeah.
He better Ferris.
When he sang that, he was not feeling well.
He actually, I have a text from him that says,
They're bringing me to the ER.
I'm going to get intubated.
And then, and those replies.
Can you just in the file first?
Yeah.
This.
Can you see if I can still have head gum health insurance?
It's a corrector picking up in the background.
He said, I'm mid-COVID right now.
Don't think that because I asked him if he wanted to guess
on the show on Friday.
He said, I don't think I'll be 100%.
So even after knowing he had COVID, I said,
OK, wait, I just have to ask.
Please say no if you're not feeling well enough.
Oh, my God.
But if I send you the lyrics to a parody theme song of segments,
could you sing a scratch track of it?
I think it'd be even funnier if it sounds.
If you sound sick, and the recording isn't high quality.
It was pretty good.
And then you asked him to be the shivering guy.
That was my backup because he wouldn't have had to be outside.
Right, he already has a few like symptoms.
Ferris says, not as bad as I thought, as he sends me the scratch track.
If you had tried me yesterday, I might have thrown up.
So he's trying to go.
We do need to take a break, actually.
So.
Yeah, that's what has been the perfect time.
This show is sponsored by BetterHelp.
Guys, one of the most relationships.
I'm most proud of in my life is the one that I have with a mirror,
who's sitting right here.
I mean, it's an incredible working relationship.
Wouldn't you say?
No.
Well, a common misconception about relationships is that they have to be easy to be right.
But sometimes the best ones happen when people put in the work to make them great.
By the way, we're doing a better help at, obviously.
Therapy can be a great place to work through the challenges you face in all of your relationships,
whether with friends, work, your significant other or anyone.
That's why I benefit from therapy by going thriceweekly a mirror.
Did you know that about me?
No.
Whether you've been in therapy personally or not,
it's always a good time to try it out, to see if it's working for you to better yourself.
And BetterHelp is a great place to start.
So if you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try.
It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire and get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist at any time for no additional charge.
Become your own soulmate, whether you're looking for one or not.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that today to get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's BetterHelp, HELP.com slash what's that?
Thanks, BetterHelp.
Maybe if we compliment them a lot, he'll sort of feel uncomfortable for the first time on this podcast.
That's impressive.
And we don't let people don't know that because of how much you fuck things up.
That's what I was going to say.
But you're really good at a lot of different things.
He's also really intelligent.
He almost got like a perfect SAT score.
Really smart.
People don't know that.
That was a story of his class.
It was a no-high open.
You're impressive.
You're an impressive guy.
Yeah.
Poesy or no-es-y.
What?
The next drag man is Poesy or no-es-y.
Okay.
This is pretty much an airlift.
Poesy or no-es-y.
These are not kidding.
This is just Poetry or no-etry.
But I kind of punched it up.
You were saying I was intelligent.
I kind of appreciated that.
It's not just Poetry.
It's actually Poetry as well.
It's not sort of a Poetry.
Poetry is just a synonym for Poetry.
No, it's it.
Yeah, it is.
There's a whole tiny way of saying Poetry.
Have you heard that?
No, never.
But I don't know, maybe.
Maybe.
He didn't get it almost perfect score as I say.
Poesy.
Now, the art and composition of Poetry.
That's weird.
That is a word that sounds like the other word.
So it's actually not Poetry.
It's the composition of Poetry.
So you're going to read three poems.
Is it the same exact segment as our show segments?
I ran out of time to come up with a brand new drag man.
But writing a poem is difficult.
You didn't come up with other new ones either.
Who's a hunter in one?
It was a punch show.
And then mystery.
Everybody.
Yes.
Show me just.
Just do in punch downs.
It's a punch down.
All right.
You guys ready?
Yeah.
For sure.
Well, so which should we explain to anybody who listens to this show,
but not me and Amir show what this segment is.
Poetry.
You definitely.
Do you want to come and do the whole show?
No, I haven't.
I don't think I spoke out of turn.
Yeah.
I think I'm saying anything.
Sure, really.
Yeah.
You guys pitch it and you guys complex segments.
But again, no one who listens to segments, by the way.
Doesn't listen to drag.
Why?
So they already know.
The segment.
No.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Like some of us.
Okay.
So the segment is.
We read three poems.
Two of them real.
We read them that either a mirror or I wrote.
And we try to guess.
You know, which one?
That's a good segment.
Just to get shoulders back and maybe screw.
But back to like your.
I'm fine.
You're.
Yeah.
If you're all right with fine.
Here we go.
Tinkle, tinkle, little car.
How I wonder what you are.
Leaking oil every day.
Having it your own way.
Going up hills real slow.
I don't want you any more.
Tinkle, tinkle.
Little car.
Boy what a lemon.
You are.
Let's hear the second one.
It's not good, but it's like.
You might have the pressure of as a liberic.
Yeah.
Every word rhyme that thing.
Okay.
Go ahead.
With itself.
What do you, what does that mean?
Everywhere.
Every, every end of the word.
I do go into the line.
Every line.
Yeah.
Okay.
A funny young fellow named Perkins was terribly fond of small
Gorkins.
So this is the Limerick.
One day after T.
He ate 93.
And pickled his internal workings.
That one's pretty good.
And I don't think you wrote anything there.
Yeah.
Okay.
I don't think you wrote the lemon car one either.
Interesting.
So I think the last one is going to be you.
Let's take a listen.
Where do you think you found the car one?
He just searched Tinkle, Tinkle,
Tinkle little car.
He showed up on the pool.
I didn't search it on Google.
I searched it on my history.
Because I love that poem.
That's a joke.
That one might be the one I wrote.
But you're admitting that Gorkins is not you.
Well, I think that you guys are kind of.
I wouldn't jump to any conclusions as well.
Yeah.
There's also a chance you wrote all three of these.
I guess that's just like sputtering the whole time.
Incredible.
I guess I was just leaking oil.
Yeah.
Okay.
Do not make haste.
It's breast is dressed.
Displace horse radishy waist.
No need for more zest.
Some simply taste and seek to impress.
While others disgrace and don't trust the chef.
Don't dunk Toro in soy.
Ditch chop sticks for hands.
Drink Seporo with joy.
And let fish guide your glands.
That means that one has to be Jeff.
But he's the thing.
There's a chick.
He could also have plugged in prompts to chat.
GPT in.
Yeah.
They could all be.
They all be AI.
Or they could all be Jeff.
I want the titles of all these.
Yeah.
He got that.
Usually I don't know what to eat.
The first one is tinkled tinkled little car.
Yeah.
The second one is funny young fellow.
And the last one is Omakase.
All right.
So I think I feel like you could have written the first and the last.
But the funny young fellow.
Yeah.
I don't.
That one seems like it's such an old lemric.
Right.
Like a 1912 Harvard Lampu and joke.
Yeah.
I think if you wrote it, you would have.
That was the first.
Norman Leary.
Right.
That's the fact that there was soy and fish in the last one.
Makes it so.
And Omakase is the title.
Yeah.
I mean, that one's obviously Jeff.
Wait.
It's called Omakase.
And it's describing someone who's eating sushi.
I'll say that you only wrote that last.
I have a question.
Okay.
Is the.
Are you saying that the other ones were written by like poets or like by.
Yeah.
The game is like two written by real.
Game is like that.
But this one you're saying the other ones were written by like actual poets.
Or just like.
I don't think that's too much of the other authors as dumb as you.
It's.
Right.
I'm like, think anybody could have written it.
Two of these are written by real poets.
Pollock.
Yeah.
Who have written other poems?
Well, it depends on what your definition of published is.
That's because you want to ask it.
Does the internet count sure?
Do they have their own books of poetry?
Probably not.
I mean, what are you leaning towards on you?
Yeah.
Which one Jeff wrote?
Well, it's impossible to say because.
It's impossible to say.
That.
Because.
If Jeff versus actual poem is one thing.
But Jeff versus like something he read on mine.
He's muddy the water.
This isn't a true poetry or no a tree.
But it's the Jeff version.
All right.
So you guys.
You're from the internet.
Yeah.
We get award winning poems.
Really tinkled tinkled little.
I do think I do think he wrote the last one.
Okay.
Last one.
You're right.
I wrote.
Oh, my.
You tried to.
You tried to steer as a way for that.
You're like that one.
That makes sense.
Really good.
And the sentence.
Where did you get the first two?
Uh, the internet.
Tinkled tinkled little car.
Yeah.
I googled short poems.
Got it.
And that was the website that had that poem on it.
Yeah.
Right.
So the first one is tinkled tinkled little car by Cecilia L.
Good body.
And uh, the second one is funny young fellow by Graham Lester.
A car out the first one.
Yeah.
Um, I feel like we're not giving my poem enough credit though.
I know that it's like, oh, Jeff wrote that.
But it's kind of good.
Let's see it again.
Yeah.
Oh, my.
By Jeffrey.
By the way, it was, it's not about it being good or not.
Yeah.
It's about we knew it was you.
I know.
But it's not about it being good or not.
It's about we knew it was you.
I know.
But it was literally in your archetypal center.
You maybe would have been like, wow.
That brought me to tears.
Yeah.
I mean, I've never heard of other shitty poems.
I was going to say that the structure of it was there there.
Wasn't that the content was cohesive and the whole thing was wrapped in a tiny bow.
There were a lot of buzzwords though.
They gave it away.
Well, I did use white face.
You're face with fish and joy.
Fish and joy.
Did it become like joy?
That's what your identity.
Do you understand that?
That you're like a fish and soul.
You're a fish monger.
You're a fucking like sure.
Honestly, guessing that was like fish and soul.
Are you fucking proud of yourself?
That's what we see.
Yeah.
Like that we hear trout.
And we know it's like fish glands.
And we're like, yep, that one's just.
He loves that.
It's your personality is to be a fish monger or a monger.
It's crazy to have a comedy style.
That's just the word joy.
Yeah.
So I think comedy is kind of healing.
I really do think that the world means a little more joy.
And I don't know.
So me if that's about.
Let's hear.
Oh, my Cosa.
Yeah.
By Jeffrey James.
Okay.
Do not make haste.
It's breast is dressed.
Displaced horse Radicey waist.
No need for more zest.
Yeah.
Listen good.
Now it's like obvious.
First Radicey is the worst adjective ever.
Horse Radicey.
Let's hear new say that word.
I almost was like, well, this one isn't you because you had trouble reading it.
Then I realized this should work.
Horse Radicey.
So simply taste and seek to impress.
While others disgrace and don't trust the chef.
Yeah.
The trust me as always.
Oh, my Cosa means trust the chef.
Yeah.
We got it.
Don't dunk Toro in soy.
Yeah.
Ditch chop sticks for hands.
Right.
So explaining how to eat sushi.
New gear with your hands.
Yeah.
What's that?
You want to say just pick up the fish with your hands.
With the gear you're supposed to use your hands and dip it fish side down.
Yeah.
Drink.
See, this poem is for fuckers like him.
Nice.
You have to dig another break for all my last two lines.
Drink Seporo with Joy.
And let fish guide your glands.
Were you planting like were those were you planting those so that we would get it right?
Or is that just kind of all you can come?
That's what's going to say.
Or you can not help yourself.
I did it last and I thought that you.
But I was like, let me make it about rice and fish.
But let me try and make it as good as I can.
So I was like, oh, let me make it as good as you can.
Well, I didn't like 15 minutes.
Right.
But it's like a long time.
Oh, my gosh.
It has a whole moral to the story, which is like, can we dissect it?
I wouldn't call it a moral.
The breast is dressed.
I mean, don't do it.
If necessary.
Let her interrupt you.
It'll be worth it.
It's not breast.
Well, okay.
True.
Okay.
Yeah.
But wait.
And you go to Omakase, dining experience or otherwise.
The fish is already dressed.
It already has the sauce.
That's not the part that I'm saying.
I'm saying what's wrong.
I know you're not saying it's wrong.
I'm saying it's really good.
Oh, I think.
Right.
I'm saying basically that the poems about Omakase.
So the first two lines are, do you not make haste?
Uh-huh.
The breast is dressed.
Meaning the sauce is on the fish.
You don't need to dunk it in soy.
Displace horseradish.
You wish.
Up.
Saying that word wrong.
Also, it's not.
They wear the horseradish in your sushi experience.
It's not.
But it's not horseradish.
Yeah.
It's not.
Really?
It's called wasabi.
It's literally wasabi.
It's a different plant.
It's in the plant family of horseradish.
Horseradish.
But the place wasabi.
Don't put it on.
Why isn't it?
It doesn't.
Wasabi, you can even say better than you can say horseradish.
Some simply taste and seek to impress.
Some people go to these places and they know exactly what they're doing.
Right.
And then others disgrace the chef by not trusting their ass.
Don't throw in soy because it's definitely going to be dressed.
Did chopsticks for hands?
Because Amir was he didn't even know.
Yeah.
With Nagiri, you're supposed to use your hands and you fish side by.
I didn't know that either.
Drink support with joy.
Have a good time with the only gossip.
Yeah.
And let the fish guide your glam.
The worst thing I've ever heard.
Guide your glam.
What do you guys have going on?
What do you want to point people?
It's already.
Yeah.
It happens fast.
It's a tight 45.
Yeah.
That's great.
Are you ever going to, you should do that in an open mic and see what actual poetry fans would
kind of be back there.
Like a poetry open mic or like a stand up open mic?
Definitely poetry.
Yeah.
Not good enough for stand up.
We're like a or a band.
I was going to say like a battle of the bands.
That all of the bands.
Yeah.
Plugs.
On your what do you have going on when you want to point people toward radio free obviously?
On you?
Yeah.
On Instagram.
Which is kind of ironic though because you aren't free of radio.
You host a radio show.
Yeah.
It's kind of.
If you google it.
It will come.
Listen to.
Okay, Alex coming back, video episodes, full video on YouTube, March 27th, submit to the
love motel. We really need love advice questions and they don't host a advice show anymore. So
you can just pivot and send those to love motelradio.com. There's a submission format at the bottom.
So if you're still confused about love, there's a place to go. Yeah, we'd love to talk about your
problems on the radio, wgxc.org. On the radio, uh, uh, on the radio. So don't have some or some,
actually it's kind of a deep cut. Thank you. It's a great song but when he sings, you don't
snap because then I encourage him to sing more often. Jake. Yeah, check out me in a mere show.
It's like fragments like fragments. Yeah, I want to hear your poems. I should go back and listen.
Yeah, they're all up there. You guys should all go to a poetry meeting and see who's poem does.
Actually, got a mirror on the latest episode. I'd love to read hot oon to you and see what you think.
Yeah, you're not going to sit here and tell me hot oon or whatever is better than
dragons. Really better than dragons just I think it was. We're better than oh,
Macasas. Oh, Macasas. Oh, Macasas. Oh, Macasas. Oh, Macasas. Oh, Macasas. Oh, Macasas. Oh, Macasas. I'm here.
Do you want to plug your divorce lawyer? Oh, yeah. You're getting a divorce. Yeah. Yeah.
I'll be talking back on the market. You're good, man. Uh, as guiding us through this whole crazy
fucking miraculous uncoupling. Yeah. I had a conscious uncouple. Yeah. Exactly. Irreconcilable
difference. Yeah. And you knew you're again a boy, right? You're the opposite of a printup where you
trust them. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be tall. I'll pay for it. It's for power. Yes. From one to the other. Amazing.
Which was a flea training because you got fleeced and nice. Yes. And it was incredible to go through
that with her. Good man. Good man who guided our eye throughout the entire very good man.
And he is with all the tall down. Yeah. I was going to say he guided your hand up. They hooked
us on the paper and also in the ring. He's wearing my ring. Yeah. Yeah. And he deserves it. So I missed
this. What happened? Basically a mirror got a divorce. And in the divorce papers, you're also
supposed to stay chased for 18 months. Yeah. We should be done. Yeah. Non-compet clause. Yeah.
I'm not allowed to. It's a medieval gardener clause. So basically you're loins us,
did you? For the better part of a decade, I think. Anyway, um, I'll post an uptool cheating
with you. Yes. She can't do, but I can legally. But there was this weird live that you did.
It's live? Yeah. You were on IG. Yeah. And you were like, check out my post-nup drip. Yeah.
Post-nup-should drip. And it was just your chastity belt. And you had put a stussy sticker on the ass.
With my whole stussy. My stussy, you see. At Jeffrey James on Instagram,
patreon.com forward slash Riley and Jeff for still doing zardies over there. Zoom parties.
So you're coming out with us to $20 once. And sorry. I didn't talk over your
plot. You did. Really? Yeah. You basically commented. Yeah. You turned it into a divorce layer.
And, uh, oh, also, I just got a Helix Midnight Lux mattress from, uh, best.
Lux Los Angeles luxury mattress sales stores near me.com. And that's her. That's your URL. Best Los
Angeles luxury mattress sales stores near me.com. That's their URL. Yes. They're on 21st and
Wilshire in Santa Monica, California. You cannot be, you cannot be doing add deals on the side of
the show. If you go, they'll give you a free pillow or two. It depends on what you negotiate with the guy.
But he's very kind and he helped me out. Tell him to change the URL. Free delivery. I said,
no, you didn't. I meant to. Best Los Angeles luxury mattress sales stores near me.com.
Well, so you guys are getting next week. Thanks for listening to this episode of Dregmans.
He's so, yeah, he's so, he looks back. He's so close to mattresses.
That was a headdum original.